1. Always here and always efficient anytime I need him! I thank you Jake!! Also my customers at Lady’s Paws thank you as well!

2. We had our entire exterior treated for wasps. We also had some clover mites that were enjoying our window sills. 
We were aware of certain locations for the wasps but this guy is so thorough he discovered numerous other nests. He got them taken care of before they became as big as the one we called him for. 
He was polite, communicated frequently and seemed very knowledgeable about the insects. 
He gave us realistic expectations for the treatment and asked us to communicate with him if things were not going as they should. 
He was prompt for his arrival and I would have him back for any additional services! I just wish he did groundhogs haha 🤣 That is our next nuisance to address

3. We had the interior of our home treated, and while here, he did a walk through of the exterior to check for anything that needed addressed. Very professional and thorough. Thank you!

4. The owner Jacob responded very quickly to my inquiry through Facebook. He arrived at the time he said he would. He explained what he was going to accomplish and what we should expect. Very professional and friendly. Cleaned up the whole outside of the house of spiderwebs and put his bee suit on to tackle the yellowjackets in the attic and outside. Sprayed inside and outside for spiders. He spent two hours to make sure the job was done right and at a truly fair price. I 100% recommend OH Pest Control!

5. I had yellow jackets in my house upstairs were my granddaughters are living and I needed help right away!!! So I asked for recommendations on Facebook and Jacob from OH Pest Control LLC contacted me and asked if I needed help. He came out to my house asked where the problem was and took care of business!!! I would highly recommend Jacob for all your pest needs!! Very professional and over all nice guy!!!

6. Jake came out and treated for bees today. He was extremely professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend this company! They definitely have my business!

7. Jacob’s same day service was professional, knowledgeable and courteous. He made time and went out of his way to treat a hornet infestation and guaranteed his work. He was very cost effective considering he had to come in the evening. Highly recommended!

8. I highly recommend OH Pest Control LLC. Service was prompt and customer service was great. We will be a return customer.

9. We hired OH Pest Control to treat our funeral home. We specifically had a problem with bees and wasps hanging out at the main entrances, and then making their way up to the second and third floors into our residence. Since he has treated, we have seen zero bees or wasps inside, and had no problems with them at the entrances to the building. Jake is kind and professional and knowledgeable about his service, and I recommend him to everyone I know!
